README.md, before:

# coding-challenge

## Purpose
The purpose is to get data from a public API and present it in a somewhat nice way. Also important to be able to explain how the code came about and why 
you chose to solve things the way you did. It should be written using function based Javascript. Feel free to pick any CSS option (vanilla, CSS modules, CSS-in-JS etc.) you prefer. Follow the steps below, keep the code clean and easy to understand and please **commit after each step**.

## Steps
1. Create a new react app using npx create-react-app (https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html)
2. Fetch data from this SpaceX API https://github.com/r-spacex/SpaceX-API, using https://api.spacexdata.com/v5/launches
3. Present 1 of the flickr pictures in a page (pick any launch with at least 4 flickr -> original pictures, some launches have none)
4. Add a way to switch to the next picture
5. Add a way to switch to a random picture

## Report
Finally, send an e-mail to me with a link to your Git repo. In case you wanna keep it private, add me as a collaborator temporarily.

Good luck!

Commit message:

Add bonus task about deployment

README.md, after:

# coding-challenge

## Purpose
The purpose is to get data from a public API and present it in a somewhat nice way. Also important to be able to explain how the code came about and why 
you chose to solve things the way you did. It should be written using function based Javascript. Feel free to pick any CSS option (vanilla, CSS modules, CSS-in-JS etc.) you prefer. Follow the steps below, keep the code clean and easy to understand and please **commit after each step**.

## Steps
1. Create a new react app using npx create-react-app (https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html)
2. Fetch data from this SpaceX API https://github.com/r-spacex/SpaceX-API, using https://api.spacexdata.com/v5/launches
3. Present 1 of the flickr pictures in a page (pick any launch with at least 4 flickr -> original pictures, some launches have none)
4. Add a way to switch to the next picture
5. Add a way to switch to a random picture

## Report
Finally, send an e-mail to me with a link to your Git repo. In case you wanna keep it private, add me (ripern) as a collaborator temporarily.
Bonus: Deploy it to your favourite cloud hosting provider (eg. Vercel.com, Netlify.com) and add that link to the e-mail as well.

Good luck!
